docs: update migration guide with findings from playground update (#3587)
faker-js/faker: docs/guide/upgrading.md

Instead, change the require of index.js in null to a dynamic import(), which is available in all CommonJS modules.
```

#### TypeScript

> As mentioned in the previous section, CJS can still be used using a modern module resolution strategy. This directly impacts your `tsconfig.json` setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentioned in the previous section, CJS can still be used if you use a modern module resolution strategy. This directly impacts your `tsconfig.json` setup.
```

Author: Thanks. Committed this with the other suggestions 3ca0d1b.

> Previously, you were able provide the values `"Bundler"`, `"Node10"`, `"Node16"` or `"NodeNext"` for the configuration `"moduleResulution"`. Starting in v10 of Faker, only the values `"Bundler"`, `"Node20"` or `"NodeNext"` are supported for your CJS codebase. To use `"Node20"` your **`typescript` version must be at least `5.9.0`**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previously, you were able to provide the values `"Bundler"`, `"Node10"`, `"Node16"` or `"NodeNext"` for the configuration `"moduleResulution"`. Starting in v10 of Faker, only the values `"Bundler"`, `"Node20"` or `"NodeNext"` are supported for your CJS codebase. To use `"Node20"` your **`typescript` version must be at least `5.9.0`**.
```

Reviewer 2: i also feel we ought to link to https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig/#moduleResolution for futher explanation, however unfortunately it doesn't seem to have been updated to explain Node20 yet

Reviewer 2: I guess we could link https://devblogs.microsoft.com/typescript/announcing-typescript-5-9/#support-for---module-node20 instead

Author: Sorry - took longer than expected from my side. Please review if these changes make the section more clear, now.

Author: @matthewmayer is the state after the change as desired by your opinion?
